capital = 459

add_ideas = ALG_mecca_of_revs

recruit_character = ALG_mohamed_ibrahimi
recruit_character = ALG_messali_hadj
recruit_character = ALG_ferhat_abbas
recruit_character = ALG_mohamed_taleb

recruit_character = ALG_mahmoud_cherif

recruit_character = ALG_said_boualam
recruit_character = ALG_amar_ouzegane
recruit_character = ALG_mohamed_larbi
recruit_character = ALG_edmond_jouhaud

recruit_character = ALG_ahmed_ben_bella
recruit_character = ALG_said_mohammedi
recruit_character = ALG_roger_carcassonne
recruit_character = ALG_saidi_sadok
recruit_character = ALG_mouloud
recruit_character = ALG_abdelkader_ali
recruit_character = ALG_si_djilani
recruit_character = ALG_jules_roy
recruit_character = ALG_serri_abderahmen

recruit_character = ALG_maurice_laban
recruit_character = ALG_jean_de_maisonseul
recruit_character = ALG_laroussi_khelifa

recruit_character = ALG_ahmed_taoufik
recruit_character = ALG_mohammed_saleh_bendjelloul
recruit_character = ALG_emilie_busquant
recruit_character = ALG_rachid_ouamara
recruit_character = ALG_belkacem_radjef
recruit_character = ALG_mohamed_khider
recruit_character = ALG_amar_imache
recruit_character = ALG_saad_dahlab
recruit_character = ALG_mohand_lechani
recruit_character = ALG_mohamed_boudiaf

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 20
	communism = 5
	neutrality = 50
}

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		tech_support = 1
		tech_recon = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		gw_artillery = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = no
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 25
		fascism = 20
		communism = 5
		neutrality = 50
	}
}
