capital = 37

set_oob = "DEN_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "DEN_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "DEN_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = DEN_frits_clausen
recruit_character = DEN_aksel_larsen
recruit_character = DEN_john_christmas_moller
recruit_character = DEN_thorvald_stauning
recruit_character = DEN_erik_scavenius
recruit_character = DEN_peter_rochegune_munch
recruit_character = DEN_kai_moltke
recruit_character = DEN_workers_committee
recruit_character = DEN_christian_x
recruit_character = DEN_henrik_kauffmann
recruit_character = DEN_aksel_svane
recruit_character = DEN_kai_nielson
recruit_character = DEN_augo_lynge

recruit_character = DEN_wilhelm_wain_prior
recruit_character = DEN_frederick_essemann
recruit_character = DEN_hans_rolsted
recruit_character = DEN_aage_vedel
recruit_character = DEN_eske_brun
recruit_character = DEN_ib_poulsen

recruit_character = DEN_ebbe_gortz
recruit_character = DEN_charles_rye
recruit_character = DEN_carl_hammerich
recruit_character = DEN_hans_wurmbach
recruit_character = DEN_paul_sommer
recruit_character = DEN_kaj_birksted
recruit_character = DEN_erik_bille_brahe
recruit_character = DEN_christian_frederik_von_schalburg
recruit_character = DEN_erik_leschly
recruit_character = DEN_hjalmar_rechnitzer
recruit_character = DEN_emmanuel_crevecoeur
recruit_character = DEN_axel_georg
recruit_character = DEN_wolfgang_fabian
recruit_character = DEN_christian_forslev
recruit_character = DEN_asger_grandjean

recruit_character = DEN_kristian_knudtzon
recruit_character = DEN_hans_lunding
recruit_character = DEN_c_forslev

recruit_character = DEN_thoger_thogersen
recruit_character = DEN_vilhelm_fibiger
recruit_character = DEN_carl_vaernet
recruit_character = DEN_viggo_kampman
recruit_character = DEN_ejnar_warum
recruit_character = DEN_knud_kristensen
recruit_character = DEN_aage_falking
recruit_character = DEN_hans_andersen



set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	bicycle_infantry = 1 # :)
	interwar_antiair = 1
	interwar_antitank = 1
	tech_support = 1	
	tech_engineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	
	trench_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	
	fuel_silos = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		DEN_fishery_protection_ships = 1 #Unique to Denmark/Iceland
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		SCA_gunboats = 1
		
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
			basic_depth_charges = 1
			smoke_generator = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1		
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
			basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		basic_battery = 1
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1		
		basic_torpedo = 1
			improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {
	DEN_defenceless_neutrality
	DEN_christian_x
	disarmed_nation
}

# DIPLOMACY

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Together for Victory"
	}
	set_autonomy = {
		target = ICE
		autonomous_state = autonomy_dominion
		freedom_level = 0.4
	}
	else = {
		puppet = ICE
	}
}
give_military_access = ICE
	

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	
	#danish focuses
	complete_national_focus = DEN_look_inwards
	complete_national_focus = DEN_danish_neutrality
	complete_national_focus = DEN_arbitration
	complete_national_focus = DEN_look_nowhere
	complete_national_focus = DEN_remain_neutrality
	complete_national_focus = DEN_defenceless_neutrality
	complete_national_focus = DEN_close_scandinavia
	complete_national_focus = DEN_kanslergade
	complete_national_focus = DEN_storstrom
	complete_national_focus = DEN_civ
	
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
			set_technology = {
				gwtank_chassis = 1
				basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
			}
		else = {
			set_technology = {
				gwtank = 1
				basic_light_tank = 1
			}
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		gw_artillery = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antiair = 1
		interwar_antitank = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1		
		raider_patrols = 1
		carrier_operations = 1
		convoy_sailing_ti = 1
		convoy_interdiction_ti = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		improved_oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		construction3 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		dispersed_industry3 = 1
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			set_technology = {
				sonar = 1
				improved_depth_charges = 1
				improved_airplane_launcher = 1
				basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
				basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
				magnetic_detonator = 1
				improved_secondary_battery = 1
				damage_control_1 = 1
				fire_control_methods_1 = 1
				improved_naval_mines = 1
			}
			set_naval_oob = "DEN_1939_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_technology = {
				basic_submarine = 1
				basic_destroyer = 1
			}
			set_naval_oob = "DEN_1939_naval_legacy"
		}
	}
	
	oob = "DEN_1939"
	
	remove_ideas = DEN_no_mil
	add_ideas = drsrn_signatory
}


set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1935.10.22"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 79
	democratic = 18
	fascism = 1
	communism = 2
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1939.4.3"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		neutrality = 77.5
		democratic = 18
		fascism = 2
		communism = 2.5
	}
}

set_convoys = 40
set_stability = 0.85
set_war_support = 0.1

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
		### Plane Variants
		##BRITISH
		ENG = {
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Bulldog" #Denmark had 4 Bristol Bulldogs
				type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
					fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
					engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
					special_type_slot_1 = empty
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
			create_equipment_variant = {
				name = "Tiger Moth" #de Havilland, trainer that could easily be outfitted with small bomb load
				type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
				modules = {
					fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
					fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
					engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
					special_type_slot_1 = empty
				}
				obsolete = yes
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Dankok" #License built Hawker Woodcock, replaced by Nimrods in 1937
			type = small_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "HE 8" #German Floatplane bought by Denmark
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = floats
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Dantorp" #Hawker Dantorp, created for Denmark
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = floats
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			### Tank Variants
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		### Ship Variants ###
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		
		#Fishery Protection Ships"
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Beskytteren Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Maagen Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ternen Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hejmdal Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hvidbjørnen Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ingolf Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
		}
		
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Dragen Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Glenten Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Lossen Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		
		#Gunboats#
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Springeren Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Springeren II Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_sweeper_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Søridderen Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hvalrossen Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		
		
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Minekran Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Henrik Gerner Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Grønsund Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		
		
		# Submarines #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "B Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = DEN_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "C Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			name_group = DEN_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "D Class"
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = DEN_SS_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			}
		}
		
		#Light Cruisers#
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Hekla Class"				
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
			name_group = DEN_CL_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
		}
		
		
		# Heavy Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Herluf Trolle Class"				
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
			name_group = DEN_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Niels Iuel Class"				
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
			name_group = DEN_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_2
			}
		}
	}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
			### Plane Variants
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			### Tank Variants
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "FP-5"
			type = light_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			}
			upgrades = {
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		#Fishery Protection#
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Freja Class"
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
		}
		#Gunboats#
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Søløven Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_sweeper_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
		}
		
		# Submarines #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "H Class"				
			type = ship_hull_submarine_2
			name_group = DEN_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			}
		}
	}
}

### STARTING EQUIPMENT ###
#1936
add_equipment_to_stockpile = { 
	type = transport_plane_equipment_1
	producer = "DEN"
	amount = 2 #Denmark had 2 DH.84M Dragon transports in service
}
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
			add_equipment_to_stockpile = { 
				type = light_tank_chassis_1
				producer = "DEN"
				variant_name = "FP-5"
				amount = 2
			}
		else = {
			add_equipment_to_stockpile = { 
				type = light_tank_chassis_1
				producer = "DEN"
				amount = 2
			}
		}
	}
}