capital = 268

oob = "FRA_colonial_1936"

add_ideas = DJI_pearl_of_the_gulf

set_research_slots = 3

recruit_character = DJI_mahmoud_harbi_farah
recruit_character = DJI_mohamed_kamil_mohamed
recruit_character = DJI_hassan_gouled_aptidon
recruit_character = DJI_hummad_bin_muhammad_bin_arbahim

recruit_character = DJI_osman_houffaneh
recruit_character = DJI_djama_moussa
recruit_character = DJI_hanfare_hassan

recruit_character = DJI_william_syad
recruit_character = DJI_abdi_gouled
recruit_character = DJI_iftin
recruit_character = DJI_abdillah_hared
recruit_character = DJI_ali_oudoum
recruit_character = DJI_ibrahim_sultan
recruit_character = DJI_hassan_gueldon

recruit_character = DJI_robert_ferry
recruit_character = DJI_abd_el_hai
recruit_character = DJI_abdi_warfa

recruit_character = DJI_orbiss
recruit_character = DJI_aicha
recruit_character = DJI_hamad_hummad
recruit_character = DJI_osman_waiss
recruit_character = DJI_said_coubeche
recruit_character = DJI_djama_hassan
recruit_character = DJI_djama_mahamoud
recruit_character = DJI_omar_guelleh

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	support_weapons = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gwtank = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
}

if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 35
	fascism = 10
	communism = 20
	neutrality = 35
}

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		convoy_interdiction_ti = 1
		raider_patrols = 1
		carrier_operations = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities  = {
		democratic = 40
		fascism = 10
		communism = 20		
		neutrality = 30
	}
}
	