capital = 547

oob = "ENG_colonial_1936"

add_ideas = KEN_land_and_freedom

recruit_character = KEN_harry_thuku
recruit_character = KEN_jomo_kenyatta
recruit_character = KEN_stanley_mathenge
recruit_character = KEN_jaramogi_oginga_odinga

recruit_character = KEN_dedan_kimathi
recruit_character = KEN_kurito_ole_kisio

recruit_character = KEN_waruhiu_itote
recruit_character = KEN_koinange_mbiyu
recruit_character = KEN_wilfred_hevelock
recruit_character = KEN_eliud_mathu
recruit_character = KEN_ian_sargenson

recruit_character = KEN_joseph_kang
recruit_character = KEN_mwangi_macharia
recruit_character = KEN_ewart_grogan
recruit_character = KEN_mbiyu_koinange
recruit_character = KEN_campbell
recruit_character = KEN_salim
recruit_character = KEN_charles_koinange
recruit_character = KEN_florence_wilson
recruit_character = KEN_hugo_dunkerley
recruit_character = KEN_elizabeth_watkins

recruit_character = KEN_joseph_ndolo
recruit_character = KEN_littledale
recruit_character = KEN_beryl_markham

recruit_character = KEN_bildad_kaggia
recruit_character = KEN_achieng_oneko
recruit_character = KEN_james_beauttah
recruit_character = KEN_fred_kubai
recruit_character = KEN_kungu_karumba
recruit_character = KEN_paul_ngei
recruit_character = KEN_henry_muoria
recruit_character = KEN_r_c_cavendish

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	grand_battle_plan = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1	
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 30
	fascism = 20
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 40
}

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1

		#doctrines		
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 25
		fascism = 25
		communism = 15
		neutrality = 35
	}
}

