capital = 298

oob = "LIB_1936"

recruit_character = LIB_charles_king
recruit_character = LIB_edwin_barclay
recruit_character = LIB_didwho_welleh_twe
recruit_character = LIB_william_tubman
recruit_character = LIB_marcus_garvey
recruit_character = LIB_king_jeh
recruit_character = LIB_barduway_jallah

recruit_character = LIB_alford_russ
recruit_character = LIB_thomas_harvey
recruit_character = LIB_moses_grant

recruit_character = LIB_lemuel_smith
recruit_character = LIB_alexander_harper
recruit_character = LIB_henry_cooper
recruit_character = LIB_fred_syphert

recruit_character = LIB_isaac_moart
recruit_character = LIB_joseph_dennis
recruit_character = LIB_jenkins_yancey
recruit_character = LIB_william_nabors
recruit_character = LIB_kofi
recruit_character = LIB_ken_wagner
recruit_character = LIB_william_a_thomas

recruit_character = LIB_elwood_davis
recruit_character = LIB_james_cooper

recruit_character = LIB_frederick_johnson
recruit_character = LIB_nathaniel_massaquoi
recruit_character = LIB_bellah_beh
recruit_character = LIB_louis_grimes
recruit_character = LIB_clarence_simpson
recruit_character = LIB_frank_tolbert
recruit_character = LIB_richard_holder
recruit_character = LIB_edward_stettinius
recruit_character = LIB_wellington_campbell

set_research_slots = 2
set_stability = 0.7
set_war_support = 0.3

LIB = { 
	set_variable = {
		var = LIB_USA_influence
		value = 5
	}
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1= 1
	tech_support = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
}

add_ideas = { 	
	LIB_home_of_the_free
	LIB_hinterland_problems_1
	LIB_corrupt_army1
	LIB_firestone_company
	limited_exports
}

set_convoys = 10

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1931.1.1"
	election_frequency = 96
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 10
	democratic = 88
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
}

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	
	USA = { 
		give_guarantee = ROOT
		add_opinion_modifier = {
			target = ROOT
			modifier = LIB_protecting
		}
	}
	
	complete_national_focus = LIB_trade_concessions
	complete_national_focus = LIB_greenback
	complete_national_focus = LIB_secure_US
	complete_national_focus = LIB_foreign_tech2
	complete_national_focus = LIB_neutrality_focus
	complete_national_focus = LIB_end_negotiations
	complete_national_focus = LIB_us_mil_coop
	complete_national_focus = LIB_firestone_invest
	complete_national_focus = LIB_american_steel
	complete_national_focus = LIB_expand_rubber
	complete_national_focus = LIB_us_training
	complete_national_focus = LIB_officer_schools	
	complete_national_focus = LIB_us_backed_neutrality
	complete_national_focus = LIB_anti_fascism
	complete_national_focus = LIB_modern_guns
	
	oob = "LIB_1939"
	set_technology = {
		#Infantry/Etc
		marines = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		motorised_infantry = 1
		
		#Artillery
		interwar_artillery = 1
		interwar_antiair = 1
		
		#Air
		early_fighter = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1
		
		#Support
		tech_engineers = 1
	
		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		prepared_defense = 1
		grand_assault = 1

		trade_interdiction = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1		
		concentrated_industry = 1
		concentrated_industry2 = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		excavation1 = 1
		excavation2 = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		rubber_processing = 1
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = democratic
		last_election = "1939.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		neutrality = 5
		democratic = 92
		fascism = 1
		communism = 2
	}
}
	
	
	