capital = 770

oob = "ENG_colonial_1936"

add_ideas = MLW_warm_heart

recruit_character = MLW_hastings_banda
recruit_character = MLW_james_chinyama
recruit_character = MLW_michael_blackwood
recruit_character = MLW_thamar_dillon_thomas_banda

recruit_character = MLW_timothy_lewis

recruit_character = MLW_flax_musopole
recruit_character = MLW_juma_chimwere
recruit_character = MLW_john_brock
recruit_character = MLW_mansel_bartlet
recruit_character = MLW_george_hodgson

recruit_character = MLW_peter_moxon
recruit_character = MLW_orton_chirwa
recruit_character = MLW_james_phiri
recruit_character = MLW_frank_thorne
recruit_character = MLW_reg_bourley
recruit_character = MLW_dennis_markwick
recruit_character = MLW_peter_little
recruit_character = MLW_keith_waddhams

recruit_character = MLW_kaluli_chisiza
recruit_character = MLW_edmund_rhoades
recruit_character = MLW_c_j_christowitz

recruit_character = MLW_george_mwase
recruit_character = MLW_gilbert_pondeponde
recruit_character = MLW_richard_kettlewell
recruit_character = MLW_levi_mumba
recruit_character = MLW_charles_mlanga
recruit_character = MLW_james_sangala
recruit_character = MLW_charles_matinga

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	grand_battle_plan = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1	
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 2
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 96
}

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1

		#doctrines		
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
