capital = 110

oob = "NOR_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		set_naval_oob = "NOR_1936_naval_mtg"
	else = {
		set_naval_oob = "NOR_1936_naval_legacy"
	}
}

set_research_slots = 2

recruit_character = NOR_vidkun_quisling
recruit_character = NOR_johan_l_mowinckel
recruit_character = NOR_johan_nygaardsvold
recruit_character = NOR_adam_egede_nissen
recruit_character = NOR_martin_tranmael
recruit_character = NOR_alf_mjoen
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_vii

recruit_character = NOR_otto_ruge
recruit_character = NOR_carl_johan_erichsen
recruit_character = NOR_jacob_hvinden_haug
recruit_character = NOR_einar_liljedahl
recruit_character = NOR_william_steffens
recruit_character = NOR_jacob_ager_laurantzon
recruit_character = NOR_carl_gustav_fleischer
recruit_character = NOR_elias_corneliussen

recruit_character = NOR_olav_v
recruit_character = NOR_wilhelm_von_tangen_hansteen
recruit_character = NOR_kristian_laake
recruit_character = NOR_bjarne_oen
recruit_character = NOR_ole_reistad
recruit_character = NOR_hjalmar_riiser_larsen
recruit_character = NOR_carsten_tank_nielsen
recruit_character = NOR_henry_diesen

recruit_character = NOR_birger_ljungberg
recruit_character = NOR_alfred_roscher_lund
recruit_character = NOR_olaf_helset
recruit_character = NOR_hans_holtermann
recruit_character = NOR_jacob_von_der_lippe
recruit_character = NOR_edgar_otto
recruit_character = NOR_bernt_balchen

recruit_character = NOR_oscar_sigvald_strugstad
recruit_character = NOR_tryggve_gran
recruit_character = NOR_skule_storheil
recruit_character = NOR_axel_aubert

recruit_character = NOR_oscar_torp
recruit_character = NOR_haakon_lie
recruit_character = NOR_henry_kristiansen
recruit_character = NOR_rolf_fuglesang
recruit_character = NOR_johan_hjort
recruit_character = NOR_laura_johannessen
recruit_character = NOR_halvdan_koht
recruit_character = NOR_adolf_indrebo
recruit_character = NOR_trygve_halvdan_lie
recruit_character = NOR_ragnvald_lund

#NS
recruit_character = NS_arthur_qvist
recruit_character = NS_henry_rinnan
recruit_character = NS_konrad_sundlo

recruit_character = NS_ragnvald_hvoslef
recruit_character = NS_jonas_lie
recruit_character = NS_tryggve_gran
recruit_character = NS_rudolf_bratteng
recruit_character = NS_kjeld_irgens

recruit_character = NS_oliver_moystad
recruit_character = NS_carl_hanssen
recruit_character = NS_axel_stang
recruit_character = NS_alf_whist
recruit_character = NS_finn_kjelstrup
recruit_character = NS_christen_knudsen
recruit_character = NS_hans_haereid

recruit_character = NS_axle_rod
recruit_character = NS_jens_bache_wiig
recruit_character = NS_reidar_aagaard
recruit_character = NS_bjarne_eriksen

recruit_character = NS_radet_council
recruit_character = NS_lauritz_sand
recruit_character = NS_abjorn_sunde
recruit_character = NS_gustav_jaeger
recruit_character = NS_eivind_blehr
recruit_character = NS_tormod_hustad
recruit_character = NS_karl_marthinsen

add_ideas = {
	volunteer_only
	NOR_no_mobilization
}

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	cv_early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	naval_bomber1 = 1
	
	trench_warfare = 1
	trade_interdiction = 1
	
	fuel_silos = 1
	basic_train = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		early_submarine = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		coastal_defense_ships = 1
		SCA_gunboats = 1
		DEN_fishery_protection_ships = 1
		
		basic_naval_mines = 1
		submarine_mine_laying = 1
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
			basic_depth_charges = 1
			smoke_generator = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		basic_cruiser_armor_scheme = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		
		basic_battery = 1
			basic_light_battery = 1
			basic_medium_battery = 1
			basic_heavy_battery = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
			improved_ship_torpedo_launcher = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}

add_ideas = {	
	NOR_neutrality_idea
	NOR_haakon_vii
}

1939.1.1 = {

	add_political_power = 1198
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = NOR_flight #jan 1 - march 11 (1936)
	complete_national_focus = NOR_establish_economic_uni #march 11 - july 29
	complete_national_focus = NOR_go_neutral #july 29 - oct 7
	complete_national_focus = NOR_balance_budget #oct 7 - dec 16
	complete_national_focus = NOR_infr #dec 16 - feb 24 (1937)
	complete_national_focus = NOR_exp_narvik #feb 24 - may 5
	complete_national_focus = NOR_ind_tech #may 5 - july 14
	complete_national_focus = NOR_central_ind #july 14 - sep 22
	complete_national_focus = NOR_rehabilitate_navy #sep 22 - dec 1
	complete_national_focus = NOR_dockyards #dec 1 - feb 9 (1938)
	complete_national_focus = NOR_rehabilitate_mil #feb 9 - apr 20
	complete_national_focus = NOR_drsrn #apr 20 - june 29		
	complete_national_focus = NOR_ind_tech2 #june 29 - sept 7
	complete_national_focus = NOR_civ_fac #sept 7 - nov 16
	
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
			set_technology = {
				gwtank_chassis = 1
				basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
			}
		else = {
			set_technology = {
				gwtank = 1
				basic_light_tank = 1
			}
		}
	}
	set_technology = {
		gw_artillery = 1
		interwar_artillery = 1
		artillery1 = 1
		infantry_weapons2 = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		armored_car1 = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1
		

		#doctrines
		formation_flying = 1
		dive_bombing = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		prepared_defense = 1
		raider_patrols = 1
		carrier_operations = 1
		convoy_sailing_ti = 1
		convoy_interdiction_ti = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		synth_oil_experiments = 1
		fuel_refining = 1
		oil_processing = 1
		improved_oil_processing = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
		excavation1 = 1
	}
	
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
			set_technology = {
				sonar = 1
				improved_depth_charges = 1
				improved_airplane_launcher = 1
				basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
				basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1			
				magnetic_detonator = 1
				improved_secondary_battery = 1
				damage_control_1 = 1
				fire_control_methods_1 = 1
				improved_naval_mines = 1
			}
			set_naval_oob = "NOR_1939_naval_mtg"
		else = {
			set_technology = {
				basic_light_cruiser = 1
			}
			set_naval_oob = "NOR_1939_naval_legacy"
		}
	}
	
	oob = "NOR_1939"
	
	add_ideas = drsrn_signatory
}

set_convoys = 80		# biggest merchant marine in the world
set_stability = 0.7

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1933.10.16"
	election_frequency = 36
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 75.8
	democratic = 20.2
	fascism = 2.2
	communism = 1.8
}

1939.1.1 = {
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.10.19"
		election_frequency = 36
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		neutrality = 76.6
		democratic = 21.3
		fascism = 1.8
		communism = 0.3
	}
}

### VARIANTS ###
# 1936 Start #
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
		### Plane Variants
		create_equipment_variant = { #Built for Norway by Whitworth
			type = small_plane_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = light_mg_2x
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = empty
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Douglas DT" #License built by Norway
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = torpedo_mounting
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_2x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = floats
			}
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Høver M.F.11" #Marinens Flyvebaatfabrikk M.F.11
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_0
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = bomb_locks
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = aircraft_cannon_1_1x
				engine_type_slot = engine_1_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = floats
				special_type_slot_2 = lmg_defense_turret
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			### Tank Variants
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		### Ship Variants ###
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Submarines #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "A Class"						
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "B Class"						
			type = ship_hull_submarine_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
		}
		
		#Gunboats#
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Vale Class"							
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Gor Class"							
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Glommen Class"							
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		
		#Fishery Protection (Based on Danish Designs, namely the Ingolf)
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Fridtjof Nansen Class"							
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Heimdel Class"							
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		
		# Destroyers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Trygg Class"							
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Draug Class"							
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = empty
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Sleipner Class"	#Began being built in 1936						
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
			}
		}	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Frøya Class"								# minelayer		
			type = ship_hull_light_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Olaf Tryggvason Class"							# minelayer		
			type = ship_hull_light_2
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
				fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_2
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			}
		}
		# Heavy Cruisers #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Tordenskjold Class"				
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
			name_group = NOR_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}	
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Eidsvold Class"				
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
			name_group = NOR_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Bjørgvin Class"	#Ordered but never delivered due to WW1			
			type = ship_hull_cruiser_coastal_defense_ship
			name_group = NOR_CA_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
				fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
				fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
				fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
				fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
				fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				front_1_custom_slot = empty
				mid_1_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			}
		}
	}

# 1939 Start #
1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "By Blood Alone"
		}
		### Plane Variants
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Ca.310" #Italian plane bought by Norway
			type = small_plane_cas_airframe_1
			modules = {
				fixed_main_weapon_slot = small_bomb_bay
				fixed_auxiliary_weapon_slot_1 = light_mg_4x
				engine_type_slot = engine_2_1x
				special_type_slot_1 = empty
			}
			icon = "GFX_ITA_CAS1_medium"
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = {
			has_dlc = "No Step Back"
			### Tank Variants
		}
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Rikstanken"
			type = light_tank_chassis_1
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
				turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
				suspension_type_slot = tank_torsion_bar_suspension
				armor_type_slot = tank_welded_armor
				engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
				special_type_slot_1 = sloped_armor
			}
			upgrades = {
			}
		}
	}
	if = {
		limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
		# Ship variants #
	}
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
		# Gunboats #
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Otra Class"
			type = SCA_ship_hull_gunboat
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			}
		}
		#Fishery Protection
		create_equipment_variant = {
			name = "Nordkapp Class"							
			type = DEN_ship_hull_fishery_protection_ship
			name_group = NOR_DD_HISTORICAL
			parent_version = 0
			modules = {
				front_1_custom_slot = ship_light_battery_1
				mid_1_custom_slot = empty
				rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_sweeper_1
				fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			}
			
			obsolete = yes
		}
	}
}

### STARTING EQUIPMENT ###
#1936

1939.1.1 = {
	if = {
		limit = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
			add_equipment_to_stockpile = { 
				type = light_tank_chassis_1
				producer = "NOR"
				variant_name = "Rikstanken"
				amount = 1
			}
		else = {
			add_equipment_to_stockpile = { 
				type = light_tank_chassis_1
				producer = "NOR"
				amount = 1
			}
		}
	}
}