capital = 551

oob = "ENG_colonial_1936"

add_ideas = SUD_two_lands

recruit_character = SUD_abdullah_khalil
recruit_character = SUD_abd_al_rahman_al_mahdi
recruit_character = SUD_ismail_al_azhari
recruit_character = SUD_abd_al_wahhab_zain_al_abidin
recruit_character = SUD_ali_al_mirghani

recruit_character = SUD_ibrahim_abboud
recruit_character = SUD_ali_abd_al_latif

recruit_character = SUD_ahmed_mohammed
recruit_character = SUD_ahmed_wahab
recruit_character = SUD_zayn_tam
recruit_character = SUD_sulayman_kisha

recruit_character = SUD_wilfred_thesiger
recruit_character = SUD_harold_malik
recruit_character = SUD_abdel_sule
recruit_character = SUD_fumu_jama
recruit_character = SUD_sayyid_farah
recruit_character = SUD_sabri_zayd
recruit_character = SUD_hasan_mahlawi
recruit_character = SUD_dardiri_ismail
recruit_character = SUD_bilal_riziq

recruit_character = SUD_ubayd_amin
recruit_character = SUD_nafisa_surur
recruit_character = SUD_utham_hashim

recruit_character = SUD_hassan_zarouq
recruit_character = SUD_babiker_awadella
recruit_character = SUD_yusif_hindi
recruit_character = SUD_siddiq_mahdi
recruit_character = SUD_muhammad_maghoub
recruit_character = SUD_arafat_abdallah
recruit_character = SUD_hadi_mahdi

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	grand_battle_plan = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1	
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 20

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 25
	fascism = 25
	communism = 10
	neutrality = 40
}

1939.1.1 = {
	
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = large_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		interwar_artillery = 1
		artillery1 = 1
		tech_logistics_company = 1
		tech_field_hospital = 1
		support_weapons = 1
		
		scout_plane1 = 1

		#doctrines
		air_superiority = 1
		grand_battle_plan = 1
		trench_warfare = 1
		fleet_in_being = 1
		battlefleet_concentration = 1
		convoy_sailing = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1
		computing_machine = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
	
	set_politics = {
		ruling_party = neutrality
		last_election = "1936.1.1"
		election_frequency = 48
		elections_allowed = yes
	}
	set_popularities = {
		democratic = 35
		fascism = 10
		communism = 20
		neutrality = 35
	}
}
	