capital = 771

oob = "ENG_colonial_1936"

recruit_character = ZAM_john_moffat
recruit_character = ZAM_harry_nkumbula
recruit_character = ZAM_john_roberts
recruit_character = ZAM_kenneth_kaunda

recruit_character = ZAM_michael_grigg

recruit_character = ZAM_reids
recruit_character = ZAM_arthur_stephenson
recruit_character = ZAM_venning
recruit_character = ZAM_ted_cunnison

recruit_character = ZAM_william_sarkata
recruit_character = ZAM_julia_chikamoneka
recruit_character = ZAM_michael_mataka
recruit_character = ZAM_mulenga
recruit_character = ZAM_tenson_mizinga
recruit_character = ZAM_lazaro
recruit_character = ZAM_blondie

recruit_character = ZAM_yeta_3
recruit_character = ZAM_louis_maambo
recruit_character = ZAM_vic_brown

recruit_character = ZAM_godwin_lewanika
recruit_character = ZAM_matthew_mwendapole
recruit_character = ZAM_jerry_steyn
recruit_character = ZAM_lawrence_katilungu
recruit_character = ZAM_stewart_gore_browne
recruit_character = ZAM_simon_kapwepwe
recruit_character = ZAM_roy_welenski
recruit_character = ZAM_frank_maybank

add_ideas = ZAM_neutral_interventionist
add_ideas = neutrality_idea
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "La Resistance" }	
	create_intelligence_agency = yes	
}

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	grand_battle_plan = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1	
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = communism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes #At first anyway...
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 21
	fascism = 1
	communism = 76
	neutrality = 2
}

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1

		#doctrines		
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
