capital = 545

oob = "ENG_colonial_1936"

add_ideas = ZIM_final_empire

recruit_character = ZIM_godfrey_huggins
recruit_character = ZIM_garfield_todd
recruit_character = ZIM_edgar_whitehead
recruit_character = ZIM_joshua_nkomo

recruit_character = ZIM_john_morris

recruit_character = ZIM_rekayi_tangwena
recruit_character = ZIM_storr_garlake
recruit_character = ZIM_s_burn
recruit_character = ZIM_charles_meredith
recruit_character = ZIM_ted_jacklin

recruit_character = ZIM_george_parson
recruit_character = ZIM_henry_everard
recruit_character = ZIM_constantine_kar
recruit_character = ZIM_albert_khumalo
recruit_character = ZIM_jairos_jiri
recruit_character = ZIM_d_l_woods
recruit_character = ZIM_ray_hignell
recruit_character = ZIM_ian_smith
recruit_character = ZIM_j_s_morris
recruit_character = ZIM_ernest_guest
recruit_character = ZIM_jwa_hunnard
recruit_character = ZIM_john_nettleton

recruit_character = ZIM_f_j_wane
recruit_character = ZIM_george_thomas
recruit_character = ZIM_scott_robertson

recruit_character = ZIM_gerald_clarke
recruit_character = ZIM_masotsha_ndlovu
recruit_character = ZIM_robert_tredgold
recruit_character = ZIM_humphrey_briggs
recruit_character = ZIM_n_h_wilson
recruit_character = ZIM_ken_flowers
recruit_character = ZIM_howard_moffat
recruit_character = ZIM_desmond_burke
recruit_character = ZIM_benjamin_burombe

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	grand_battle_plan = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	gw_artillery = 1	
	gwtank = 1
	early_fighter = 1
	early_bomber = 1
	armored_car1 = 1
}

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	fascism = 54
	neutrality = 43
	democratic = 2
	communism = 1
}

1939.1.1 = {
	#generic focuses
	complete_national_focus = army_effort
	complete_national_focus = equipment_effort
	complete_national_focus = motorization_effort
	complete_national_focus = aviation_effort
	complete_national_focus = naval_effort
	complete_national_focus = flexible_navy
	complete_national_focus = industrial_effort
	complete_national_focus = construction_effort
	complete_national_focus = production_effort
	
	set_technology = {
		
		infantry_weapons1 = 1
		scout_plane1 = 1		

		#doctrines		
		trench_warfare = 1

		#electronics
		electronic_mechanical_engineering = 1
		radio = 1
		radio_detection = 1
		mechanical_computing = 1

		#industry
		basic_machine_tools = 1
		improved_machine_tools = 1
		advanced_machine_tools = 1
		construction1 = 1
		construction2 = 1
		dispersed_industry = 1
		dispersed_industry2 = 1
	}
}
